changelog updates (#833)
osohq/oso: docs/changelogs/vNEXT.rst

Other bugs & improvements
=========================

> - Variable is now exposed in the node library which lets you pass an unbound to query_rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Polar `Variable` type is now exposed in the Node.js library, allowing users to pass unbound variables to `queryRule()` and `isAllowed()`.
```
